Add revised overview page (#113)
interledger/interledger.github.io: docs/overview.md

# Interledger Overview
Interledger enables the seamless exchange of value across different payment networks. 
Traditional payment networks operate independently from each other. Sending value is easy only if the sender and 
recipient have accounts on the same network, but it can be slow and expensive if they have accounts on 
different networks.

Interledger is not tied to any one company, blockchain, or currency. You can easily send XRP to someone who wants to 

> receive ETH, or you can send USD through a Paypal account to someone who wants to receive USD in a Venmo account. 

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R8

> receive ETH, or you can send USD through a PayPal account to someone who wants to receive USD in a Venmo account. 

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R8

Interledger makes it easy to transact in whatever currency or payment network you choose.

## What is Interledger?

> Interledger is a network of computers for sending value across independent payment networks. Similar to the Internet, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interledger is a network of computers that enables sending value across independent payment networks. Similar to the Internet, 
```

> Interledger is a network of computers that enables sending value across independent payment networks. Similar to the Internet, 

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R12

> Interledger is a network of computers that enables sending value across independent payment networks. Similar to the Internet, 

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R13

Interledger routes packets of value from source to destination. Computers on the Interledger network are 

> called *nodes*. Nodes can take one or more of the following roles: 

Reviewer 2: There is a long and detailed debate about whether or not we want to call connectors nodes. I'm in favour but when this was last discussed we decided to stick with connectors.

@emschwartz @sharafian @mDuo13

Reviewer 3: I think connector is more appropriate. We're already using the term and `node` isn't very descriptive

Author: I am a bit confused...
Is the discussion about Node vs. Connector or Router vs. Connector?

Reviewer 2: Node vs. Connector

Reviewer: @adrianhopebailie are you suggesting we revise this entire set of paragraphs to purposefully _not_ use the "node" analogy at all?

We could accomplish that with the following change:

```
Interledger routes packets of value from source to destination. Computers on the Interledger network can operate in one of three roles:

* Sender - ....
```

Reviewer 4: To me, "node" includes senders, receivers, and routers/connectors.

I'm fine with this description but for clarity's sake I would also mention that "routers" are also referred to as "connectors" throughout some of the documentation.

Author: Added a note.
https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R22

Author: Anywhere I want to refer to sender/router/receiver collectively, `node` seems to fit the best. For example, in the sentence - "Each ILP packet contains transaction information, which is private to the participating nodes". 
I don't know what else to call them. Does anybody have a better suggestion?

Reviewer: +1 to what @emschwartz - I think when we refer to a collective of roles (e.g., sender/router/receiver) it's fine to use the term `node`.

* Sender – Initiates a value transfer.

> * Router – Applies currency exchange and forwards packets of value. This is the intermediary node between 

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R16

the sender and the receiver. 

> * Receiver Node – Receives and completes the value transfer

Reviewer 2: The receiver doesn't actually "complete" the transfer. It accepts it but it is only complete end-to-end when the fulfilment gets back to the sender.

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R18

![ILP-nodes](images/ilp-nodes.png)

## How does Interledger work?

> At the core of Interledger is the [Interledger Protocol (ILP)](https://interledger.org/rfcs/0027-interledger-protocol-4/), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the core of Interledger is the [Interledger Protocol (ILPv4)](https://interledger.org/rfcs/0027-interledger-protocol-4/), 
```

> which is a set of rules that defines how nodes should send value over the Interledger network. ILPv4 is a *request/response* 

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R26

> which is a set of rules that define how nodes should send value over the Interledger network. ILP is a *request/response* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is a set of rules that defines how nodes should send value over the Interledger network. ILPv4 is a *request/response* 
```

> protocol, where each request or response is sent or received in the form of ILP packets. Typically, a single aggregate 

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R27

> protocol, where each request or response is sent or received in the form of ILP packets. Typically, a single transaction 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
protocol, where each request or response is sent or received in the form of ILP packets. Typically, a single aggregate payment from source to destination... 
```

> protocol, where each request or response is sent or received in the form of ILP packets. Typically, a single aggregate payment from source to destination... 

Reviewer 2: strange sentence break here?

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R26

> payment from source to destination is broken into many ILP packets. Each packet contains transaction 

Author: Internet analogy is already mentioned here https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R13

> of sending value from source to destination is broken into several ILP packets. Each packet contains transaction 

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R26

> information, which is private to the participating nodes. ILP has three packet types -  *Prepare*, *Fulfill*, and *Reject*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
information, which is private to the participating nodes. ILPv4 has three packet types -  *Prepare*, *Fulfill*, and *Reject*. 
```

![ILP-packets](images/ilp-packets.png)

> The sender constructs and sends a Prepare packet as a request to the connecting router. The routers forward the packet 

Reviewer 2: "routers" or "routing nodes"?

I think the simple definitions are better so I;'d update the list of terms in lines 15 - 17 to just say, sender, receiver and router

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R15

> until it reaches the receiver. The receiver then accepts or rejects the packet by sending a Fulfill packet or a 

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R39

Reject packet as the response. The routers relay the response from the receiver back to the sender. When the sender 
receives a Fulfill packet, it knows that the packet was successfully delivered to the receiver. The sender then 
continues to send the remaining Prepare packets until the value is fully transferred. 

Interledger does not rely on any single payment network for processing value transactions. You can connect with 
an Interledger node at any time to join the network. Furthermore, Interledger sends value as tiny data packets, 
which makes transactions fast, secure, and inexpensive.

## Building on Interledger
Build payments into your apps or other protocols without tying yourself to a specific currency or payment network. 
Create accounts on our demo ledgers and start sending Interledger payments with the client libraries. 

> Check out [Getting Started](https://interledger.org/docs/tutorials/getting-started.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [Getting Started](https://interledger.org/docs/tutorials/getting-started.html) for more details.
```

## Interledger architecture
Interledger enables payments across many different types of ledgers. The Interledger Protocol Suite is comprised of 

> four layers: the Application, Transport, Interledger, and Ledger protocols. To learn more, see the Interledger 

Reviewer 4: We should probably update the layering (not necessarily in this PR though) because I'm not sure it's accurate to describe the technologies under Interledger as the "Ledger Layer" anymore (we've separated bilateral communication and settlement)

Author: Replaced the word "Ledger" with "Link". https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R50

[Architecture Overview](https://interledger.org/rfcs/0001-interledger-architecture/).

## Protocol specs and APIs
To dive into the technical specs, see the [Interledger RFCs](https://github.com/interledger/rfcs). Also see the documentation for the components of the 
reference implementation.

## Security

> Interledger provides secure multi-hop payments using 

Reviewer 4: It might be good to mention that when we say secure we mean that money cannot be lost or stolen by intermediaries

Author: As discussed, maybe it's ok to leave it as is.

> [Hashed Timelock Agreements](https://github.com/interledger/rfcs/blob/master/0022-hashed-timelock-agreements/0022-hashed-timelock-agreements.md). 

Reviewer 2: Link to the published spec: https://interledger.org/rfcs/0022-hashed-timelock-agreements/

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R57

As of Interledger version 4, these conditions are not enforced by the ledger, as it would be too costly and slow. 
Instead, participants in the network use these hashlocks to perform accounting with their peers. This accounting is 
used to determine in-flight balances, which are periodically settled with on-ledger transfers or payment channel claims. 

> For a detailed description of how this works, read the 

Reviewer 2: The accounting is described in more detail in IL-RFC 32: https://interledger.org/rfcs/0032-peering-clearing-settlement/0032-peering-clearing-settlement.md

Author: https://github.com/interledger/interledger.github.io/pull/113/files#diff-f3b56000093113bd3bfb6c9c05e7e945R15

## Interledger architecture
Interledger enables payments across many different types of ledgers. The Interledger Protocol Suite is comprised of 
four layers: the Application, Transport, Interledger, and Link protocols. To learn more, see the Interledger 
[Architecture Overview](https://interledger.org/rfcs/0001-interledger-architecture/).

## Protocol specs and APIs
To dive into the technical specs, see the [Interledger RFCs](https://github.com/interledger/rfcs). Also see the documentation for the components of the 
reference implementation.

## Security

> Interledger guarantees that the sender’s money cannot be lost or stolen in flight. It provides secure multi-hop payments using 

Author: I actually didn't mean to push that change; it was by mistake :-) But your suggestion makes sense.

> Interledger guarantees that the sender’s money cannot be lost or stolen in flight. It provides secure multi-hop payments using 

Reviewer 5: Maybe its worth adding that the trust (level of money thats at risk) required between direct peers can be reduced to negligible amounts depending on the underlying settlement used between peers.
